Add recommendation for leading underscore (#13963)
ethereum/solidity: docs/style-guide.rst

This convention is suggested when the desired name collides with that of
an existing state variable, function, built-in or otherwise reserved name.

Underscore Prefix for Non-external Functions and Variables
==========================================================

* ``_singleLeadingUnderscore``

This convention is suggested for non-external functions and state variables (``private`` or ``internal``). State variables without a specified visibility are ``internal`` by default.

> When designing a smart contract,  the public facing API (functions
> that can be called by any account) is an important consideration. 
> Leading underscores allow you to immediately recognize the intent of such functions, but more importantly, if you change a function from non-external to external (including ``public``) and rename it accordingly, this forces you to review every call site while renaming. 
> This can be an important manual check against unintended external functions, and a common source of security vulnerabilities (avoid find-replace-all tooling for this change).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When designing a smart contract,  the public-facing API (functions that can be called by any account) 
is an important consideration. 
Leading underscores allow you to immediately recognize the intent of such functions, 
but more importantly, if you change a function from non-external to external (including ``public``) 
and rename it accordingly, this forces you to review every call site while renaming. 
This can be an important manual check against unintended external functions 
and a common source of security vulnerabilities (avoid find-replace-all tooling for this change).
```

This convention is suggested when the desired name collides with that of
an existing state variable, function, built-in or otherwise reserved name.

Underscore Prefix for Non-external Functions and Variables

> =====================================================

Reviewer 2: This needs to match the title or docs won't build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==========================================================
```

* ``_singleLeadingUnderscore``

> This convention is suggested for non-external (``internal`` and ``private``) functions and non-external (``private`` or ``internal``) state variables (state variables without a visibility specified are default ``internal``).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This convention is suggested for non-external functions and state variables (``private`` or ``internal``). State variables without a specified visibility are ``internal`` by default.
```

> There are many reasons to consider this convention but we note just
> one here. When designing a smart contract the external surface area (functions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When designing a smart contract,  the public facing API (functions
```
1. No need for the first line unless we're going to elaborate all of the reasons for this suggestion.
2. Not sure I've ever heard this being called `external surface area`

that can be called by any account) is an important consideration. 

> Leading underscores allows you to immediately recognize these decisions while working, but more importantly, if you change a function from non-external to external (including ``public``) and rename it accordingly, this forces you to review every call site while renaming. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Leading underscores allow you to immediately recognize the intent of such functions, but more importantly, if you change a function from non-external to external (including ``public``) and rename it accordingly, this forces you to review every call site while renaming. 
```

> This can be an important manual check against unintended external functions, a common source of security vulnerabilities (avoid find-replace-all tooling for this change).

Reviewer 2: > (avoid find-replace-all tooling for this change)

I'm not sure this is a good overall suggestion. It's perfectly fine to do that as long as you don't blindly commit and actually look at the diffs (as should be the common practice).

This convention is suggested when the desired name collides with that of
an existing state variable, function, built-in or otherwise reserved name.

Underscore Prefix for Non-external Functions and Variables
==========================================================

* ``_singleLeadingUnderscore``

This convention is suggested for non-external functions and state variables (``private`` or ``internal``). State variables without a specified visibility are ``internal`` by default.

> When designing a smart contract,  the public-facing API (functions that can be called by any account) 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When designing a smart contract, the public-facing API (functions that can be called by any account)
```

> When designing a smart contract,  the public-facing API (functions that can be called by any account) 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When designing a smart contract,  the public-facing API (functions that can be called by any account)
```

> is an important consideration. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
is an important consideration.
```

> Leading underscores allow you to immediately recognize the intent of such functions, 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Leading underscores allow you to immediately recognize the intent of such functions,
```

> but more importantly, if you change a function from non-external to external (including ``public``) 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
but more importantly, if you change a function from non-external to external (including ``public``)
```

> and rename it accordingly, this forces you to review every call site while renaming. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
and rename it accordingly, this forces you to review every call site while renaming.
```

> This can be an important manual check against unintended external functions 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This can be an important manual check against unintended external functions
```

This convention is suggested when the desired name collides with that of
an existing state variable, function, built-in or otherwise reserved name.

> Underscore Prefix for Non-external Functions and Variables
> =====================================================
> 
> * ``_singleLeadingUnderscore``
> 
> This convention is suggested for non-external (``internal`` and ``private``)
> functions and non-external (``private`` or ``internal``) state variables. (State
> variables without a visibility specified are default ``internal``.)
> 
> There are perhaps many reasons to consider this convention. But we note just
> one here. When designing a smart contract, the external surface area (functions
> that can be called by any account) is an important consideration. Leading
> underscores allow you to immediately recognize these decisions while working.
> But more importantly if you change a function from non-external to external
> (including ``public``) and rename accordingly, this forces you to
> review every call site while renaming. This can be an important manual check
> against unintended external functions, a common source of security
> vulnerabilities. (Avoid find-replace-all tooling for this change.)
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Underscore Prefix for Non-external Functions and Variables
=====================================================

* ``_singleLeadingUnderscore``

This convention is suggested for non-external (``internal`` and ``private``) functions and non-external (``private`` or ``internal``) state variables (state variables without a visibility specified are default ``internal``).

There are many reasons to consider this convention but we note just
one here. When designing a smart contract the external surface area (functions
that can be called by any account) is an important consideration. 
Leading underscores allows you to immediately recognize these decisions while working, but more importantly, if you change a function from non-external to external (including ``public``) and rename it accordingly, this forces you to review every call site while renaming. 
This can be an important manual check against unintended external functions, a common source of security vulnerabilities (avoid find-replace-all tooling for this change).

```

* ``_singleLeadingUnderscore``

> This convention is suggested for non-external (``internal`` and ``private``) functions and non-external (``private`` or ``internal``) state variables (state variables without a visibility specified are default ``internal``).
> 
> There are many reasons to consider this convention but we note just
> one here. When designing a smart contract the external surface area (functions
> that can be called by any account) is an important consideration. 
> Leading underscores allows you to immediately recognize these decisions while working, but more importantly, if you change a function from non-external to external (including ``public``) and rename it accordingly, this forces you to review every call site while renaming. 
> This can be an important manual check against unintended external functions, a common source of security vulnerabilities (avoid find-replace-all tooling for this change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This convention is suggested for non-external (``internal`` and ``private``) functions and non-external (``private`` or ``internal``) state variables (state variables without a visibility specified are default ``internal``).

There are many reasons to consider this convention but we note just
one here. When designing a smart contract the external surface area (functions
that can be called by any account) is an important consideration. 
Leading underscores allows you to immediately recognize these decisions while working, but more importantly, if you change a function from non-external to external (including ``public``) and rename it accordingly, this forces you to review every call site while renaming. 
This can be an important manual check against unintended external functions, and a common source of security vulnerabilities (avoid find-replace-all tooling for this change).
```
